Added WT65-H3 (HIBI HIBIKI) (#22886)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/wilba_tech/wt65_h3/readme.md

# wilba.tech WT65-H3

> WT65-H3 is a keyboard PCB supporting 65% ANSI layout, 6.25U/7U bottom row (no blocker) and full/split backspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WT65-H3's PCB has an inspired 65% ANSI layout with following key options:
- 6.25u or 7u Spacebar bottom row (no blocker)
- 2u or split Backspace.
```
